Update changelog and increment version to v0.16 (#473)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: .github/CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed a bug where the function `reduced_dm` in `backends/tfbackend/states.py` gives the
  wrong output when passing it several modes.
  [(#471)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/471)

* Fixed a bug in the function `reduced_density_matrix` in `backends/tfbackend/ops.py` which caused the
  wrong subsystems to be traced out.
  [(#467)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/issues/467)
  [(#470)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/470)

* Fixed a bug where decompositions to Mach-Zehnder interferometers would return
  incorrect results on NumPy 1.19.

<h3>Documentation</h3>

* Adds further testing and coverage descriptions to the developer documentation.
  This includes details regarding the Strawberry Fields test structure and test decorators.
  [(#461)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/461)

* Updates the minimum required version of TensorFlow in the development guide.
  [(#468)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/468)

<h3>Contributors</h3>

This release contains contributions from (in alphabetical order):

Juan Miguel Arrazola, Tom Bromley, Theodor Isacsson, Josh Izaac, Soran Jahangiri, Nathan Killoran,

> Fabian Laudenbach, Nicolás Quesada, Antal Száva, ‪Ilan Tzitrin.

Author: Let me know if I'm missing anyone!

  For more details, see the [code
  documentation](https://strawberryfields.readthedocs.io/en/stable/code/api/strawberryfields.TDMProgram.html).

> * Adds the function VibronicTransition to the `apps.qchem.vibronic` module. This function generates a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds the function `VibronicTransition` to the `apps.qchem.vibronic` module. This function generates a
```

  custom Strawberry Fields operation for applying the Doktorov operator on a given state.
  [(#451)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/451)

  ```pycon
  >>> from strawberryfields.apps.qchem.vibronic import VibronicTransition
  >>> modes = 2
  >>> p = sf.Program(modes)
  >>> with p.context as q:
  ...     VibronicTransition(U1, r, U2, alpha) | q
  ```

* Adds the `TimeEvolution` function to the `apps.qchem.dynamics` module. This function

>   generates a custom sf operation for applying a time evolution operator on a given state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  generates a custom Strawberry Fields operation for applying a time evolution operator on a given state.
```

  [(#455)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/455)

  ```pycon
  >>> modes = 2
  >>> p = sf.Program(modes)
  >>> with p.context as q:
  ...     sf.ops.Fock(1) | q[0]
  ...     sf.ops.Interferometer(Ul.T) | q
  ...     TimeEvolution(w, t) | q
  ...     sf.ops.Interferometer(Ul) | q
  ```

  where `w` is the normal mode frequencies, and `t` the time in femtoseconds.

* Molecular data and pre-generated samples for water and pyrrole have been added to the data module
  of the Applications layer of Strawberry Fields. For more details, please see the [data module
  documentation](https://strawberryfields.readthedocs.io/en/stable/introduction/data.html#molecules)
  [(#463)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/463)

> 

Reviewer: Thanks for updating this!

<h3>Improvements</h3>

* When jobs submitted to the Xanadu Quantum Cloud are cancelled, they will now display a
  `cancel_pending` JobStatus until the cancellation is confirmed.
  [(#456)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/456)

<h3>Breaking Changes</h3>

<h3>Bug fixes</h3>

* Fixed a bug where the function `reduced_dm` in `backends/tfbackend/states.py` gives the
  wrong output when passing it several modes.
  [(#471)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/471)

* Fixed a bug in the function `reduced_density_matrix` in `backends/tfbackend/ops.py` which caused the
  wrong subsystems to be traced out.
  [(#467)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/issues/467)
  [(#470)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/470)

* Fixed a bug where decompositions to Mach-Zehnder interferometers would return
  incorrect results on NumPy 1.19.

>   [(#473)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/473)

Reviewer 2: :1st_place_medal:
